status 200 title AMC Theatres len 40137
LEAD :: AMC Entertainment Holdings, Inc., doing business as AMC Theatres and commonly known as AMC (originally an abbreviation for American Multi-Cinema), is an American movie theater chain headquartered in Leawood, Kansas. AMC is the largest movie exhibition company in the United States, the largest in Europe and the largest throughout the world with approximately 860 theaters and 9,600 screens across the globe. It was founded in Kansas City, Missouri, on Thursday, December 20, 1920. The company expanded quickly across Missouri and with significant expansion into its current home state of Kansas. AMC Theatres quickly dominated the landscape of multiplex theaters solidifying itself as a leader in th
popcorn :: 0 spent between the box office and the concession stand at any AMC theater nationwide. AMC Stubs members also received a free size upgrade with every popcorn and drink they purchase (for example, an AMC Stubs member can get a large popcorn for the price of a regular). Other perks include birthday gifts and waived ticketing fees for online ticketing
popcorn :: ide. AMC Stubs members also received a free size upgrade with every popcorn and drink they purchase (for example, an AMC Stubs member can get a large popcorn for the price of a regular). Other perks include birthday gifts and waived ticketing fees for online ticketing sites such as MovieTickets.com and Fandango and also online ticket purchases thro
concession :: ilar to other rewards programs but featured innovative aspects. It was based on a points-per-movie-ticket-purchased system, with rewards varying from concessions to movie passes based on point-based level. However, points were limited to a maximum of four points per three-hour time period, which was equal to two tickets. For the AMC cinemas that we
concession :: ld be purchased for a fee of $12 for an entire year. For that initial fee, members would receive $5 on every $50 spent between the box office and the concession stand at any AMC theater nationwide. AMC Stubs members also received a free size upgrade with every popcorn and drink they purchase (for example, an AMC Stubs member can get a large popcorn
recliner :: auditorium made in collaboration with Dolby Laboratories that features dual 4K laser projectors with Dolby Vision HDR, Dolby Atmos spatial audio, and recliners with seat-mounted subwoofers. They also feature special entrance tunnels into the auditorium, with select locations providing a video wall displaying content relating to the film being scree
recliner :: th a rare using standard 70 mm film projectors. Prime at AMC is a premium large format that features large screens with Dolby Atmos and/or DTS:X, and recliners with seat-mounted subwoofers. In 2015, AMC began to replace Prime with Dolby Cinema at select locations. BigD is a premium large format inherited from the Carmike Cinemas chain, which uses a
IMAX :: oviding a video wall displaying content relating to the film being screened. Some Dolby Cinema screens were converted from the Prime and ETX formats. IMAX auditoriums are available at many locations; IMAX digital or laser projectors are used in most locations, with a rare using standard 70 mm film projectors. Prime at AMC is a premium large format 
IMAX :: o the film being screened. Some Dolby Cinema screens were converted from the Prime and ETX formats. IMAX auditoriums are available at many locations; IMAX digital or laser projectors are used in most locations, with a rare using standard 70 mm film projectors. Prime at AMC is a premium large format that features large screens with Dolby Atmos and/o
Dolby :: f 2026. === Premium formats === Selected AMC locations offer premium screens and features for a higher ticket price, including premium large formats. Dolby Cinema is a premium auditorium made in collaboration with Dolby Laboratories that features dual 4K laser projectors with Dolby Vision HDR, Dolby Atmos spatial audio, and recliners with seat-moun
Dolby :: mium screens and features for a higher ticket price, including premium large formats. Dolby Cinema is a premium auditorium made in collaboration with Dolby Laboratories that features dual 4K laser projectors with Dolby Vision HDR, Dolby Atmos spatial audio, and recliners with seat-mounted subwoofers. They also feature special entrance tunnels into 
screens :: t movie exhibition company in the United States, the largest in Europe and the largest throughout the world with approximately 860 theaters and 9,600 screens across the globe. It was founded in Kansas City, Missouri, on Thursday, December 20, 1920. The company expanded quickly across Missouri and with significant expansion into its current home sta
screens :: entury. After acquiring Odeon Cinemas, UCI Cinemas, and Carmike Cinemas in 2016, it became the largest movie theater chain in the world. It has 2,807 screens in 353 European theaters and 7,755 screens in 593 American theaters. The company is listed on the New York Stock Exchange (ticker symbol: AMC); from 2012 to 2018, the Chinese conglomerate Wand
largest ::  known as AMC (originally an abbreviation for American Multi-Cinema), is an American movie theater chain headquartered in Leawood, Kansas. AMC is the largest movie exhibition company in the United States, the largest in Europe and the largest throughout the world with approximately 860 theaters and 9,600 screens across the globe. It was founded in 
largest :: i-Cinema), is an American movie theater chain headquartered in Leawood, Kansas. AMC is the largest movie exhibition company in the United States, the largest in Europe and the largest throughout the world with approximately 860 theaters and 9,600 screens across the globe. It was founded in Kansas City, Missouri, on Thursday, December 20, 1920. The 
cat-ish: 
owner TokenzQdBNbLqP5VEhdkAS6EPFLC1PHnBqCXEpPxuEb extensions [{"e":"metadataPointer"},{"e":"permanentDelegate"},{"e":"defaultAccountState"},{"e":"pausableConfig"},{"e":"confidentialTransferMint"},{"e":"transferHook"},{"e":"scaledUiAmountConfig"},{"e":"tokenMetadata"}]
