===  https://fireflyspace.com/blue-ghost/ 200 6332
The Blue Ghost Difference Firefly’s proven Blue Ghost lander is designed and built to be easily adapted to serve each customer’s unique cislunar needs.
Robust Spacecraft Facilities Firefly operates a 50,000 sq ft spacecraft facility with two mission control centers and an ISO-8 cleanroom to accommodate multiple landers.
Extensive Qualification Testing Firefly conducts extensive qualification testing on each Blue Ghost component and the full structure to ensure the lander withstands all launch, transit, and landing load cases.
Robust Spacecraft Facilities Firefly operates a 50,000 sq ft spacecraft facility with two mission control centers and an ISO-8 cleanroom to accommodate multiple landers.
Extensive Qualification Testing Firefly conducts extensive qualification testing on each Blue Ghost component and the full structure to ensure the lander withstands all launch, transit, and landing load cases.
Leander, TX 78641 Company About Ethics Suppliers Dream Shop Contact Launch Alpha Rocket Eclipse Rocket Responsive Space Spacecraft Blue Ghost Landers Elytra Orbiters Ocula Imaging Vision Systems Missions News Latest News Image Gallery Careers Investors Social Facebook This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
===  https://www.collectspace.com/news/news-030125a-firefly-aerospace-blue-ghost-mission-1-building-blocks-set.html 200 5522
Mission 1 model The Blue Ghost lander, which was named after a type of firefly, left Earth on Jan.
Also recreated in the build is LUGRE (Lunar GNSS Receiver Experiment), a receiver to track GPS and Galileo navigation satellites throughout a full lunar day on the surface; NGLR (Next Generation Lunar Retroreflector) a mirror device to measure the distance between Earth and the moon; and RAC (Regolith Adherence Characterization), an experiment to compare the stickiness of lunar soil on different materials.
Other instruments flying on Blue Ghost as part of NASA's Commercial Lunar Payload Services (CLIPS) initiative but were too small to model or are covered so are not visible include a pneumatic drill to measure heat flow from the interior of the moon (LISTER); a lunar regolith sample collection demonstrator (Lunar PlanetVac); and a stereo camera to capture the impact of the rocket plume on lunar regolith as the lander descends.
Lander components that are also recreated in bricks include the X-band antenna (installed next to LUGRE and NGLR); three solar panels, which provide power to the NASA instruments; eight reaction control system (RCS) thrusters; four shock-absorbing legs and the main engine at its base.
As the building blocks set is configured specifically to the "Ghost Riders in the Sky" mission, Patterson said she expects other kits to follow as more Blue Ghost landers are launched to the moon.
Of decals and a duck The Blue Ghost Mission 1 Building Blocks Set is completed using an included sticker sheet, which add details to the solar panels, to the LUGRE and NGLR instruments (which is humorously labeled on the sheet as "Upper Antenna Thing" referencing its placement with the X-Band antenna) and Firefly's logo.
One decal that is not included, however, is "Duckner." "We have a mascot at Firefly, and he's been all around.
"It's a duck named 'Duckner' and it is on the lander." "It's a little easter egg," she said.
The small image of the yellow rubber ducky is printed on a low-cost material to see how it handles the extreme environment of outer space.
Duckner is affixed under the rim of the X-Band antenna, such that it can be seen in photos sent back by Blue Ghost.
Firefly Aerospace's Blue Ghost Mission 1 Building Blocks Set uses 196 pieces to create a model of the moon lander.
(collectSPACE) Firefly Aerospace's Blue Ghost moon lander as seen before lifting off on the "Ghost Riders in the Sky" mission.
(Firefly Aerospace) An image sent back by the Blue Ghost lander reveals "Duckner," Firefly Aerospace's duck mascot.
(Firefly Aerospace) Firefly Aerospace's Blue Ghost Mission 1 Building Blocks Set recreates four out of the ten NASA science instruments on the moon lander, including an experiment to compare the stickiness of lunar soil on different materials (the gray rectangle behind the forward leg in this photo).
