Internet Awards: Redditors Vote on the Best of the Internet Company About Press Careers Brand Investors Values Our values Privacy Transparency Reddit for Good News Newsroom Announcements Product and Community Policy and Safety Life at Reddit Support Support Reddit help center Contact Reddit rules Press inquiries Legal requests Terms &amp; policies Public content policy Privacy policy menu Company About Press Careers Brand Investors Values Our values Privacy Transparency Reddit for Good News Newsroom Announcements Product and Community Policy and Safety Life at Reddit Support Support Reddit help center Contact Reddit rules Press inquiries Legal requests Terms &amp; policies Public content policy Privacy policy This is a search field with an auto-suggest feature attached. There are no suggestions because the search field is empty. Announcing the Winners of The Internet Awards: Redditors Vote on the Best of the Internet March 04, 2026 This awards season, we decided to get in on the action. Recognizing the incredibly diverse, informative, and often hilarious real opinions shared on Reddit by real people every day, we launched The Internet Awards for the first time. The core mission of these awards was simple: we wanted to shine a light on the countless compelling and uniquely human perspectives, stories, and moments shared every single day on Reddit, across thousands of communities. More importantly, we wanted to give redditors the opportunity to do what they do best - to upvote their favorite internet moments. Since February 17, redditors have been nominating and voting for 2025’s top internet moments across 24 categories in r/theinternetawards , a community dedicated to the awards. This year's awards recognize a truly eclectic mix of internet culture, celebrating moments that range from life-changing life hacks, to the most unforgettable peak sports moments, to mind-blowing discoveries, to communities of the moment, and viral clips that can only be categorized as pure comedy gold, and many more. Without further ado, here are the winners of the first ever The Internet Awards! Redditors award r/bald as “The Community of the Moment” The "Community of the Moment", an award dedicated to the community that brought the internet together, goes to the gender-inclusive community, r/bald . Originally founded in 2011, this community has a simple, yet powerful mission: embrace baldness and strive to make the world a more bald-friendly place. This philosophy and the community has clearly resonated with redditors. In 2025, the community's views grew by over 260% year-over-year and generated over 974 million views*. Challenging societal narratives about hair loss, r/bald provides a supportive space for people to gather, navigate their hair journeys, and learn to take genuine pride in being bald. KPop Demon Hunters and Sinners slay again The enduring popularity of KPop Demon Hunters remains strong and the film broke through with wins in multiple categories, taking the award for “Hottest Earworm”, which recognizes the song you still can’t stop listening to and “Most Quotable”, which recognizes the most quotable work of fiction. Over the past year, dedicated fan communities, like r/KPopDemonHunters and r/Huntrx , have been created and serve as central hubs for fans to engage in discussions about the movie and its music. Sinners continues its awards trajectory, winning the award for “Absolute Cinema”, which recognizes the film most worth talking about. Redditors in r/movies and r/horror couldn’t stop sharing their opinions about this film. It’s official: Capybaras are the most adorable animal on the internet Are Capybaras the world’s most adorable animal? According to redditors, they are the most adorable animals on the internet, taking the award for “Outstanding Aww”. The famously “chill” animal is celebrated regularly in r/Capybara , a community dedicated to “coconut doggy”. Fun fact: Capybara Appreciation Day is July 10. The full winners list is included below. To read more about them or join a discussion, visit r/theinternetawards . The Internet Awards Winners The Internet Community of the Moment - A community that brought the internet together r/bald Positive Influence - A channel, stream, or podcast moment that had a positive effect Markiplier Viral Trend - The most memorable trend that spread across the internet Coldplay Kiss Cam Ask Me Anything - The AMA most worth reading Went to prison at 18, paroled at 50, AMA Pop Culture Redemption Arc - Best episode or story arc in a series Fallout Season 2 Absolute Cinema - The film most worth talking about Sinners Peak Sports - Best highlight or moment in sports Shohei Ohtani delivers 10 strikeouts and 3 home runs in Game 4 of 2025 NLCS Hottest Earworm - The song you still can’t stop listening to Huntrix - Golden (KPop Demon Hunters) Lifestyle &amp; Advice Life-changing Life Hacks - A life hack that actually changed everything Prioritize sleep Detour Destination - Travel destination most worth the trip Osaka, Japan The Look - Style trend that dominated the discourse 90s attire Chef’s Kiss - Most impressive culinary contribution Detroit-style pizza Knowledge Deepest Learning - Deepest thought-starter on the internet Epstein Files official releases Tech That Delivered - Tech innovation that lived up to the hype Nintendo Switch 2 Mind-Blowing Discovery - Research, discovery, or finding in a field of science Cancer Vaccines Are Suddenly Looking Extremely Promising Stream of Consciousness - Most informative episode this past year Hank Green - Why is everyone so wrong about AI water use? Funny &amp; Cute Comedy Gold - Funniest original humor, skit, or joke NBCUniversal’s Saturday Night Live 50th Season Joke Finale Outstanding Aww - Most adorable animal on the internet Capybaras Top Shelf Meme - Meme that understood the assignment OIIA OIIA (Spinning Cat) Faith in Humanity - Most wholesome or heartwarming piece of content Keanu Reeves at TIFF 50 Gaming &amp; Hobbies S
OIIA idx 5892
